1. What is Emmet? 
    Emmet is a set of plug-ins for text editors that allow for high-speed coding and editing in HTML, XML, XSLT, and other structured code formats via content assist. The project was started by Vadim Makeev in 2008 and continues to be actively developed by Sergey Chikuyonok and Emmet users.

2. Difference between a Library and Framework?
    Framework - 
    A framework is a special kind of library that does not contain “finished” functions like a regular library. Frameworks are rather programme scaffolds that provide the blueprint but not the finished unit.

    Library - 
    In contrast to pure code, a library is not an independently executable unit, but an additional module that is requested by a programme.
    To put it simply, libraries are collections of classes and functions, which is why they are sometimes also called component or class libraries

3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
    A CDN is a network of servers that distributes content from an “origin” server throughout the world by caching content close to where each end user is accessing the internet via a web-enabled device. The content they request is first stored on the origin server and is then replicated and stored elsewhere as needed.

4. Why is React known as React?
    React is named React because of its ability to react to changes in data. When the data in a React component changes, React will automatically re-render the component so that it reflects the new data. This makes it easy to create performant user interfaces that always look up-to-date.

5. What is crossorigin in script tag?
    The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in. A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

6. What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
    The react package holds the react source for components, state, props and all the code that is react.

    The react-dom package as the name implies is the glue between React and the DOM. Often, you will only use it for one single thing: mounting your application to the index.html file with ReactDOM.render().

7. What is async and defer?
    Async - means execute code when it is downloaded and do not block DOM construction during downloading process.

    Defer - means execute code after it's downloaded and browser finished DOM construction and rendering process.



